Successful action, but unintended effect (e.g. enemy is enraged instead of scared).
Threaten an ally instead – put them in a spot.
Make them give up something: money, equipment, a good position.
Two options, each with benefits and drawbacks.
Damage something important to the players (equipment, support beam, hiding spot, reputation, etc).
Embarrass them with a mishap.
They’re targeted by a new enemy.
Stumble, lose their footing, or drop an item.
Change their location or positioning, for the worse.
Miss something important (a detail, hazard, skulking enemy, or change of circumstance).
Add an environmental hazard (fire, smoke, breaking supports, rock shards, flooding, etc).
Angered deity, NPC, or monster.
They're off-balance, confused, or in a bad position, take -1 forward.
Separate them or cut off their retreat.
Opponent’s special attack—use a monster move.
Opponent shoulders past to threaten someone vulnerable—put them in a spot.
Character is pushed into dangerous terrain: off ledge, down stairs, into fire.
Pinned, cornered, surrounded or separated.
Grappled, entangled, tripped or thrown prone.
Armor or weapon is disarmed, damaged or destroyed.
Are they carrying anything dangerous or valuable? Poisonous, flammable, or breakable? Was that a good idea?
Deal damage from an unattended threat.
Vulnerable position: add a threat that’s dangerous to ignore (fire, weakened floor, crumbling ceiling, crossfire, envelopment).
Inflict a debility, particularly stunned, confused or scarred.
Noise of the fight attracts additional foes.
Light is extinguished.
Party is ambushed by wandering monsters or other event.
Signs of impending doom: no ambush, but your safe space no longer seems safe.
Use up their stuff: spend uses of adventuring gear, etc.
The countdown progresses.
An impending doom draws nearer.
Offscreen move: what’s going on elsewhere while time passes?
Worse than it seemed: Tell an unwelcome truth.
Worse than you thought: Ask the question to the player, then craftily twist their answer.
Abyss gazes into you: While you try to read a person, they take notice of you.
Missed the obvious: While the character is looking for one thing, another one strikes. 
Procrastinated: Character spent too much time thinking/looking instead of acting.
Got separated: character is not in the right place because of looking around.
Sticking your nose in: What is the character doing while investigating? That goes wrong. 
Put the character in a spot or use up their stuff.
Trouble you missed earlier: What could have gone wrong earlier and not been noticed til now? (e.g. you dropped something. Want to go back and get it?)
A pack of lies (obvious): Tell a lie and a player knows or suspects it—this one might as well just be a failure, but might be more interesting.
A pack of lies (infectious): Tell a lie and offer the PC xp if they act on it.
A pack of lies (devious): Tell something that actually deceives the players (hard to do).
Ask the player: why is it dangerous to mess around with your magic? 
Affects wrong target.
Effect is dramatically increased or decreased.
Chaos effect: temporary mutation, appearance change, handicap.
Backlash: damage to caster, or stuff set on fire.
Magical disturbance: –1 ongoing to cast a spell.
Extraplanar entity attracted: mana wyrm attack.
Extraplanar entity offended: angel of Law summoned to suppress the magic.
Sacrifice demanded: –1 ongoing until money is spent or service is rendered, then xp is given.